 This meeting will be about the workflow of Cognition 4.0 which is an event organized
 by UPSMTC and it is a month or two month long boot camp where we take a specific skill
 and teacher to the people. So, for the workflow of the event phase 1 would be preparation that
 would last from May 26 to May 31st and the goal will be to finalize all content structure
 and back end logistics. Some things that consist of that will be finalized co-structure for
 the react native boot camp, create posters, reels and other promotional material, prepare
 speaker list and confirm availability and assign back end teams for speaker and tech
 support and also registration handling. Design and finalize registration forms, draft mailers
 for PR and ensure all materials are ready for public release by May 31st. Then we will
 have phase 2 which is promotions and registrations from June 1st to June 9th and the goal will
 be to promote the event handle registrations and test everything. So, June 1st would be
 the launch day where we will start the official PR campaign and send mail to all MTC members
 and Poonamam who will circulate it to the school of computer science mailing list and
 then we will post the promotional reason stories on Instagram and start regular posting about
 countdown and speakers. June 1st to June 9th is the registration week and we will promote
 the event daily via Instagram WhatsApp and MTC networks. Then we will conduct practice
 and tech testing sessions with the speakers on MS teams and we will check screen share,
 mic, cam and internet and we will ensure familiarity with the session flow. The final
 back end checklist would be presentation files from the all speakers attendance and feedback
 forms should be ready and timetables, calendars should be shared with the registrants and volunteer
 tasks would be clearly assigned. Then we would have phase 3 which is the event launch that
 would be on June 10th and the goal would be the seamless launch of Cognition 4.0 mobile
 development bootcamp. So it will start with a welcome and orientation session and we will
 begin the React Native Bootcamp and we will ensure tech support team is online during
 all of the sessions and then we will finally post the kickoff update on Instagram. That's
 all for this meeting. Thank you for attending.
